Hello everybody and welcome back in that previous video we try a couple different models and found out
the run for us was the best performing model in our particular dataset.
Now in this PDA what we're going to do is we're going to fine tune this model we're going to do primary
tuning and what this could accomplish is is going to find the best parameters to RUN FOREST that gives
the most accuracy in their model.
So how we're going to do that.
Well let's start first with it's like here second for grid search which is what we're doing.
And before I even begin with the research part I want to show you the arguments the rainforests can
show.
So I run with control.
I run the for as you can see it on the Help site and then we head to the help so we can see the argument
that run for stakes here.
OK.
So run them for us.
There are a couple arguments.
Number of estimators which we decided to be 100 the criteria in which we opted to be entropy.
But they can be Guinea as you can see here the max number of features the max that the main samples
played.
So the number of features here as you can see is a number of features to consider when looking for the
best.
Take the next step is instead the maximum depth of the tree Kingo.
So finally we here see the mean samples are split meaning the minimum number of samples required to
split an internal note.
So what does this all mean and how does that help.
Well how it helps us is in the following way.
There are possible values to these different variables here.
And if you have other models that you are playing with search to they're going to have completely different
parameters.
OK but sometimes you don't understand what it means and you're not.
But it doesn't hurt to try different ones.
So there's a couple different options that we can use for these parameters.
So if we select a range of options to choose for each of those parameters and we try every single combination
of those to see which one performs the best with our data that is pretty much what grid search is doing.
So that's what we're going to start.
We're going to try one set of grid search for Guinea one cell for entropy.
When it was talking about the criteria and of course and we're going to see which of them performs the
best and if at all the research has given us any kind of improvement in our performance it is the case
sometimes that grid search will not help you at all but we're going to see in this video.
So that's been first.
We are going to call this round one because it's the first round that we're going to do it and we're
going to call it entropy.
Round one for entropy we're going to give you the parameters which is going to be a dictionary of column
names and the possible values.
So the first name that we're going to try to differentiate is when we max that.
And as you can see here the default ballot for much in lockstep is none.
So we're going to actually give it a couple of hours.
We're going to give it three and none.
This is a test where the non-default is the best possible way to go with math.
There are maybe a numerical argument like Three's a better way to do it.
We are also going to do the same for Max features and the max features we're going to get three arguments.
Three different possibilities and it's possible they are going to be one five and 10.
We don't know if one is enough.
Five is better a greater better.
It's a lot more they're better we don't really know at this point so we're going to try this range.
We're going to do the same for men sample split
samples split.
This is going to be into a string and for men samples played We're going try a different set.
So we're going to try to five and 10.
The reason we do to pipe in 10 or one private in a BB is because from men samples split the default
is to
then we're going to do another one for mean samples leaf.
Another of the arguments that we found this one is going to be again simply 1 5 and 10.
I keep adding these brackets here.
And then finally we're going to end up with the bootstrap
strap strap.
And this is another argument and it's going to tell us whether or not to bootstrap this model is we're
going to select true and false.
So this could be bootstrap or noble truth.
There's only two possible models for this argument so there's nothing else to try.
And oh one more thing we're going to get the criterion that is just going to insure that we're trying
this with entropy and nothing else.
Actually actually in practice we have to be.
And that's it.
Those are all the primary combination we're going to try.
Of course your own version of grid search you can try a ton more attack and less different arguments
different versions.
It all will depend on what you're trying to test and depending on how many different variations you're
given that it's going to take longer to run because of course the has to run one model for each of the
permutations possible for these features.
So we have this parameter.
We are going to create the parameter dictionary.
And finally we're going to create a grid search.
So we're going to set a great search and it's going to be great search.
Now before we can even use this we've got to actually import it.
So let's do it from scale learn that model selection import quick search.
There you go.
We've run this now we used a grid search C-v to create that grid search estimator.
So we use the argument estimator here which is to model the type of model that we're trying to use.
And we're going to give it classifiers because the last model we use with the random forest.
So this is the kind of model that we want to use around the forest.
Then the program great argument is the dictionary of programmers to try out which is parameters we created.
Excellent.
Then the scoring is going to be based on accuracy so we won the judge which is based simply based on
its accuracy.
OK.
It's going to use K4 cross-pollination is going to use 10 different fault for each and accuracy and
that's about it.
I also give the and Jap's argument as negative one because I wanted to use all of my cores to run these
buntu models.
If you don't want it to take a big strain on your computer you can change these to just one to just
leave it as is has a default and that way doesn't take too much of a toll on your computer when you're
running it.
But I wanted to finish this as soon as possible.
So I'm going to use negative one which is again means just that you're using every single core available
and you can.
OK so we're going to run this.
Excellent.
And now the last thing that we've got to do is actually fit this model or the set of models.
So this is where we use the time library because we want a time how long all of this takes.
So there you can see how long it took on my computer and you can get an estimate of how long it may
take years.
Again depending on how fast your computer is this may take different amounts of time depending on how
many and just decide these are extreme why train
one equals time that time again is to get the final time.
And we're going to get a print statement to print out how long it took and this won't take the form
of the follows took a lot of work.
That's the most second and this is going to map the difference between time 1 and time sir.
Excellent.
So let's run these.
Now this is going to run for a few minutes maybe more depending on how many end jobs you did depending
on how fast your computer is.
So don't worry about I'll give it a minute go out do something else while he's running.
I'm going to wait until this finishes and then come back to you guys.
And before that I will note one more thing if ever you have a problem with running great search this
may happen for a briery reasons.
But I used to get errors based on that.
So if you ever have a problem then you should make sure you have the latest installment of Joplin Apel.
So for example on the terminal you would use install or you would use install job live to make sure
you install the latest one.
If you're an anaconda that will be Conder install in public use to make sure that there is no error
that is happening anyways.
Let's wait for the grid search to finalize.
Now the research has finished and we can see the results.
So if you head to the council you can see that the stoker on 719 seconds.
So definitely over 10 minutes do this.
So let's see what results we actually got.
Let's get these recommendations out of here put him in the top so that you're a member and let's actually
see the results.
So we use our air underscore best accuracy that's where we want to call this variable and it's going
to be the result of grid surge that we just run extracting the best score and we can see it right here.
Now then we're going to also get the best parameters.
So we're going to call it our best parameters
and it's going to be another variable of research which is best perhaps.
Great.
And finally we're going to just return both of these with accuracy and our programs are excellent.
Let's run this and look at the terminal.
So the console shows 63 almost 64 percent accuracy which is pretty good.
Not that much of an improvement maybe by a few points.
Sarah Searle one point here and it follows the best set of parameters are when it's stripped of course
is entropy when the Mac step is set to none.
When the max features to 5 the mean sample leaves it to 1 and sell it to 10.
So what do we do with this.
Well we can use these features run on the test and see how he performs albeit we can keep searching
for a better perhaps.
And that's what we're going to do in the next bit in the next video we're going to play the second round
of grid search through these dataset and see if we can find a slightly better accuracy and once we do
the second round we're going to play the result of the second round into the test set and see how good
of a predictor this new model is.
If it is a relatively better predictor then we can choose instead of the previous run the forest model
a.k.a. we can build the run for tomorrow with all these parameters or all of these arguments.
We can also try the same grid search process for getting instead of entropy.
So that's we're going to do in the next video.
Thank you for watching.
See you then.